So what we have right now is pretty good.
It's not too bad but if all we're going to do is yield values it's not really that impressive.
It would be a lot better if we could pass values in and out of the iterator.
Now the easiest way to do this is essentially going to be to take the current results object and take
the value and pass that into next like we did before.
Well we didn't really use previous results in past those in the next typically we just passed in straight
numbers.
But in this case it'll be more dynamic quote unquote.
So it will be a result value like so then what we can do is we can take and value so that equal to yield
one like so that I'm going to delete the other yield and then after that a minute take value and then
I'm going to set it equal to value or yield plus value.
Too like so now.
Delete this and I might as well go ahead and yield 3 like so.
And now you can see what we return is a little different.
So this is a way that we can pass data in and out of our iterator by using the next method.
So I'll walk you through this one more time because I want this to be really clear for you before we
move on to something more advanced.
So what we're doing is we're making a task runner so what someone is going to do is pass in a task that
they want to be completed.
In this case we're passing in a generator function which we have to and it's going to be called.
So we're going to copy it.
We're going to copy the iterator.
We're going to take what's returned and then after that we're going to go ahead and use dot next on
the iterator which will return this results object right here and that will yield one.
Whenever we call next.
And then after that what we do is we go down here and we call step whenever we call step.
We check to see if Dunn is equal to true.
And if it's not then we go ahead and do task next.
Again and this time we pass in the previous result value right here.
So in this case we're passing in one and then that is what is set equal to this value right here because
remember whenever we pass in an argument next we're basically setting the value of our yield statement
and we stopped right here.
So now whenever we call a task.
Next we're going to assign value of number one and then we're going to hit this next yield right here
which is going to take the value one and add it to two and then yield that.
So that's going to be restored and the results object.
And so we cancelled out log three and done as follows.
And then we call it one more time.
And in this case we're completely done we have nothing else to do.
And so we don't keep iterating.